Xiaojun, don’t worry,
Find a way for you to go?
Master, come out for a moment,
Master, this is all the information about Ding Wenxiu,
Take a look,
This Ding Wenxiu has a weird character,
We came to respond to him, but I'm afraid it won't work.
His guilty hobbies are Hecha and ancient literature.
Perhaps, we can start from this aspect.
Then you mean to buy some good materials and praise them.
Hello, recently a new batch of light styles have arrived,
As far as we know,
There should be a non-examination paste you brought with you.
inside. Nourish good food,
Could it be what internet product I bought?
That's okay. I won't go there until then.
Wait, let’s talk about that in Tokyo.
Just like in the morning